Update content_security_policy.md (#8907)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platforms/web/content_security_policy.md

## Directives {#directives}

### connect-src {#connect-src}

> {% alert warning %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{% alert warning %}
```

> Make sure to update the URL to match the [API SDK endpoint]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/administrative/access_braze/sdk_endpoints/) for your chosen `baseUrl` initialization option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure that your URL matches the [API SDK endpoint]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/administrative/access_braze/sdk_endpoints/) of your chosen `baseUrl` initialization option.
```

> {% endalert %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% endalert %}

```
